Add blog post about translatable entity names + improve docs (#1726)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2022-03-23-entity_name_translations.md

---
author: Erik Montnemery
authorURL: https://github.com/emontnemery
title: "Translating the name and attributes of entities"
---

It's now possible to translate the name of entities, and this is preferred over hard coding a name in natural language in the Python implementation. Also, entity components provide shared translations, for example for binary sensor device classes, which should be used to avoid translating the same thing multiple times.

> Also, frontend now has full support for translated entity state attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the frontend now has full support for translated entity state attributes for both the names and their values.
```

:::warning

> Pointing to translations via the `translation_key` property is currently only supported for entities with a `unique_id`.
> :::
> 
> :::warning
> Translating entity names requires that the `has_entity_name` property is set..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pointing to translations via the `translation_key` property is currently only supported for entities with a `unique_id`.

Additionally, translating entity names requires that the `has_entity_name` property is set to `True`.
```
